CASMNET-1744 canu install/upgrade procedure "1.2" (#2135)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/canu_install_update.md

>   # Upgrade Canu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Upgrade Canu
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Prerequisite

```

> Before using CANU (CSM Automated Network Utility) to test, validate or configure your network. Please ensure that Canu is running on the latest version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the CSM Automated Network Utility (CANU) to test, validate, or configure the network, ensure that CANU is running on the latest version. 
```

>    * If Canu is already installed in your system, you can check the canu version with following command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CANU is already installed, then check the CANU version with following command: 
```

```text
canu --version
```

> Upgrade/Install procedure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upgrade/install procedure
```

>    * Download latest CANU from link below.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest version of CANU.  
```

>    * [Canu releases](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Canu releases](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu/releases)
```

>    * Once you have succesfully moved the new RPM to your system, wether that is your workstation or live system. You can issue the following command(s) to upgrade or install Canu:   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After the new RPM is on either the workstation or live system, wether that is your workstation or live system, issue the following command(s) to upgrade or install CANU.
```

Reviewer 2: I added some context above so we can simplify this language with my suggestion below.

> To fresh install Canu on system: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fresh install CANU on system: 
```

```text
rpm -ihv <canu.rpm>
```

> To upgrade existing version of Canu: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade an existing version of CANU: 
```

```text
rpm -Uhv <canu.rpm>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Remove CANU

```

> To remove Canu from your system: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is necessary to remove CANU from the system, the following command can be used:
```

# Upgrade Canu

## Prerequisite

> Before using the CSM Automated Network Utility (CANU) to test, validate, or configure the network, ensure that CANU is running on the latest version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before using the CSM Automated Network Utility (CANU) to test, validate, or configure the network, ensure that CANU is running on the latest version. 

CANU can be run from your personal workstation (the instructions below are targeted at Mac users), or on the Shasta NCN nodes.

Since CANU is a python application, it can be run on Linux and Mac, but the RPM is not currently designed to support multiple operating system environments.  The CANU project can be cloned from Github and run directly by Python, but the project dependencies will need to be installed manually.  This process is not supported by this documentation.

The Windows operating system is untested and currently not officially supported.  We recommend that Windows users install or update CANU on the Shasta NCN nodes instead of attempting a workstation installation.

```

If CANU is already installed, then check the CANU version with following command: 

```text
canu --version
```

### Upgrade/install procedure

1. Download the latest version of CANU.  

   * [Canu releases](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu/releases)

>    * Once you have succesfully moved the new RPM to your system, wether that is your workstation or live system. You can issue the following command(s) to upgrade or install Canu:   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Once you have successfully downloaded the CANU RPM to your target system, issue the following command(s) to upgrade or install CANU.  
```
